Package Math::Interpolate version 1.05

This is the Math::Interpolate package.  This module contains several
useful routines for interpolating data sets and finding where a given
value lies in a sorted list.

The first is a subroutine used to locate a position in an array of values
where a given value would fit using bisection.  It has been designed
to be efficient in the common situation that it is called repeatedly.
The user can supply a different set of comparison operators to replace
the standard < and <=.  For example, given a list (1, 2, 5, 8, 15)
and the number 9.5 it would return 3.

The remaining routines all are related to interpolating sets of (x, y)
data pairs.  They all take a list of (x, y) data pairs given another
x value, return a sensible y value using the list of (x, y) data pairs.
Three different interpolating functions are provided.  The first, called a
constant interpolator, assumes that the function being interpolated moves
in non-linear jumps from one value to another.  The interpolated value
for some value x is the y value of the neighboring (x, y) to the left of
the given x.  The second interpolator performs a linear interpolation
between the neighboring points.  The third interpolator is called the
robust interpolator and interpolates a smooth curve between all of
the (x, y) pairs.  To do the interpolation, it first calculates some
reasonable derivatives at the (x, y) pairs.  If you have measured your
own derivative information, you can supply it to the robust interpolator
and it will use it.

REQUIREMENTS

   * Perl 5.004_04 or greater.

AVAILABILITY

The latest version of this package is available for download from a CPAN
(Comprehensive Perl Archive Network) site near your at

        http://www.perl.com/CPAN/authors/id/B/BZ/BZAJAC/

or from my FTP site:

        ftp://ftp.gps.caltech.edu/pub/blair/Perl/

INSTALLATION

In order to use this package you will need Perl version 5.004_04 or
better.  Once that is completed, you install Math::Interpolate as you
would install any perl module library, by running these commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

If you want to install a private copy of this package in some other
directory, then you should try to produce the initial Makefile with
something like this command:

	perl Makefile.PL LIB=~/perl

DOCUMENTATION

See the CHANGES file for a list of recent changes.  POD style
documentation is included in all modules and scripts.  These are
normally converted to manual pages end installed as part of the "make
install" process.  You should also be able to use the 'perldoc'
utility to extract documentation from the module files directly.

AUTHOR, COMMENTS, AND BUGS

I welcome all comments and bug reports.  Please email them to
Blair Zajac <blair@geostaff.com>.
