New in version 0.23.
 1) Fix two important bugs in orcallator_running and start_orcallator
    which where using old PERCOLLATOR_DIR variables instead of the new
    ORCALLATOR_DIR.

New in version 0.22.
 1) Add a new command line option (-r) that tells Orca to only update
    the RRD data files and not to generate any HTML or GIF files.
    This is useful if you are loading in a large amount of data in several
    invocations of Orca and do not want to create the HTML and GIF files
    in each run since it is time consuming.
 2) Fix a bug where if the number of columns changed in from one source
    file to the next source file in a files group, the column index used
    to get a particular value is the index for the old file and not the
    index for the new file.  This required some internal restructuring
    the speeds Orca up slightly.
 3) Add a new plot called quarterly that displays the last 100 days
    of data.  This is a nice transition between the monthly and yearly
    plots.
 4) A temporary fix: Skip and do not complain about input source data
    file lines containing the word timestamp in it.
 5) Removed some unused methods to make Orca smaller.
 6) Added some more documentation to orcallater.cfg.
 7) Make Orca slightly faster.
 
New in version 0.21.
 1) Every file containing the words percollator, percol and perc has
    been renamed to contain the word orcallator.  A new make target named
    migrate will change all filenames in an installed Orca directory to
    the new names.  This `make migrate' should only be run after killing
    any running percollator.se's and Orca processes and before installing
    this version of Orca.
 2) Orca now includes Digest::MD5 2.07, Math::Interpolate 1.02, RRDs
    0.99029, and Storable 0.603 in packages/ to make installation easier.
    The configure script now determines if you have the requisite version
    of these packages installed in your Perl and will modify the Makefiles
    to build the necessary modules.
 3) Orca now displays the daily, weekly, monthly, yearly plots of all
    measurements even if there is only one group.  Orca used to not make
    the web pages showing the different measurements all on one page if
    there was only one group.
 4) Add GIF width and height tags to img src's using the returned GIF
    size from RRDs::graph to speed with page rendering.
 5) Some minor HTML fixes to have the pages look cleaner for Netscape
    browsers.
 6) Make use of RRDtool 0.99.12's legend formatting to clean up the GIF
    legends and to store the minimum and maximum values of a data stream.
 7) Remove the LAST RRA from all Orca created RRAs since it is not
    required to get the current value from an RRA.  This requires
    rebuilding all RRDs.
 8) Add x86 Ethernet device (elxl*) plotting to orcallator.cfg.in.
 9) Do group name substitution on the Y legend in GIFs.
10) Orca used to delete RRD files even if they are created with new
    versions or Orca.  Now the RRD file is used if it is at least as
    new as the version a particular version of Orca needs.
11) Orca now dies if an unrecognized command line option is given.
12) Speed up the count_proc() routine in orcallator.se by 20%.
13) Perl_glob does not die if it cannot open a directory.  It will
    also not follow directories named .. if they happen to match
    a regular expression.  It also only returns files matching the
    regular expressions.
14) Change all references from
    http://www.geocities.com/ResearchTriangle/Thinktank/4996/
    to
    http://www.geocities.com/~bzking/
15) Speed up Orca by using Storable to do deep clones of objects
    instead of using Data::Dumper and eval.
16) Replace some linear search by a hash lookup to speed up Orca.
17) Fix some bugs in orcallator.se.
18) Clean up some error messages.
